The Joe Rogan experience.
When you have these people that are working for the Russians or even people that
are working on the left that are trying. I mean,
if there really is someone that's doing that to the Donald subreddit on Reddit,
what do you do? If you're in a free speech, you're supposed to allow that,
right.
You could just create a metric. Oh. You know, or,
or some sort of mechanism that red flags and account publicly.
But I think this is where it gets slippery. Right.
Because then you're talking about an algorithm you're talking about manipulating
search results.
You're talking about not that route, what.
I'm saying is not that rubbed, but this is where it goes. Right.
If you just keep managing the content, instead of like someone like, like gab,
where they just let the content flow free. Yeah. But obviously you go there.
There's a lot of dumpster fires. Madison. I chaos.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, absolutely. Nothing's going to be perfect. Right. You know?
Um, I think whenever you see a bad that's good, right?
Oh yeah. Uh, bad is a, uh,
a portal to good. It is, uh,
an opportunity to fix something because at some point
that problem was going to emerge. Right. It just emerged now. So it's like,
oh wow, okay. Here's this problem. The solution,
every problem lies within a problem. So technically there is no problem.
So let's just go ahead and solve this problem and move on to the next one,
you know, but I love problems. I love solving problems. I think it's really fun.
Uh, so when I see a problem, I go, Hm, okay. Let's, let's think about this.
And sometimes it's not a one person job, you know,
it's a whole committee and a whole bunch of minds have to get together.
So when I look at the conservative community, I think about like, you know,
aren't, you have all these minds,
but are your minds working to complain or your mind's working to solve the
problem. And it seems like the minds aren't working to solve the problem,
their work in a complaint. Right? So for example, um,
during the early 20th century or early 19 hundreds is do with this newspaper
super popular in New York. And, uh, he puts some, uh,
inflammatory things about a certain family in New York city. And, uh,
all the department stores boycott the newspapers. He has no advertises.
So they did that to put them out of business.
And his gentlemen takes the space and gives it to the proletariat
or the, you know, small business guys in the area.
And he gives them full front page ads, right.
Stuff that the department stores couldn't buy.
And then what happened was after the,
the newspaper got a circuit latent length that the department stores department
stores came back and they said, yo, alright, all right, fine, fine.
We'll we'll pay, we'll come back. And he said, no, I'll need you anymore.
You know, I have people that can do this. I can do this with the people.
And his newspaper was successful until the day he died.
So when I look at that example that was able to thrive in 19, uh, you know,
20th, something new in 1910. And whenever it was, I look at it and I'm like,
if this guy just stood on his laurels and didn't bow,
you know, then why we do it as a nation or as a team, you know? Um,
I think it's very possible to, uh, so for example, like when we look at gap,
right, there's a new competitor. I'm not going to mention the name,
but it's like they,
whoever was the establishment created this alternative platform to compete with
gap. In other words.
You don't wanna mention.
The name now, screw them really? Yeah. Puck them. Um, what's bad about them.
They're establishment, right? Oh, so, so when I look at it, so.
Establishment has created another free speech platform.
Allegedly, allegedly,
they're just going to collect the data on these people and then, you know,
sell it off. What makes you think that intuition, uh, you know,
Hoteps have been told you, you know.
You should make a shirt that should be a shirt. Oh, we got a shirt.
Hoteps has been told you.
Oh yeah, I'll go to this. I show every Thursday, 8:00 PM. Eastern time.
Um, so yeah. Um, you know, uh, I can, I can kind of,
I've been calling a lot of these shots and a lot of these things and you know,
it's just certain things that, you know, I'm a tech startup founder. Right,
right.
So it's certain things I can see within a business that the average person can't
see. And I'm like, God, that doesn't make sense. That doesn't look right.
And then when you see, uh, you know, as a tech startup,
it's really hard to get going right at first. But when you see like MSNBC, dah,
dah, dah, and it's just like, how'd you get all these coverage that fast?
Who do you know? You know what I mean?
And then you start seeing the influencers that are going over there and pushing
them like, oh, these are all established. I see what's going on.
What you didn't want.
You didn't want an alternative platform that you didn't
control.
Mm. Okay. So they creating an alternative platform that they can control.
They can control air quotes alternative. Correct? Yeah. Well,
I think the writing is on the wall. Right?
If they look at the there's only one Twitter, there's only one Instagram,
there's only one YouTube and those are giant.
And Facebook is basically the only thing like that. Right. I mean,
there's really no competitor to Facebook. And in, in that space.
I mean, this is four of them. They're all trash. Let's be honest.
Oh my goodness. This all.
Trash Hotep is going off.
Facebook, trash. I've been saying that for like the past decade.
Facebook's trash. I stopped using Facebook a decade ago. Right. If I used it,
it was just like forced, you know what? I use it as a.
Publishing outlet when I put tour dates or something like that,
I put it on Facebook.
Right, exactly. Yeah. So, you know, I can, I can respect that.
I don't use Instagram.
I lifted months ago when Farah Kanca kicked off the platform,
a bunch of conservatives got kicked off the platform and the guy I don't need
this neither. So I left and also to keep your account just in.
Case. Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah. It's bookmarked. Um, you know, I got to automate a bot.
I'm going to set up and all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know,
F these platforms, we don't need them. They're not that great.
If you look at the story on Instagram, Instagram was a, uh,
a lucky project. It was serendipitous, right? Basically what happened was, uh,
some kids built a project. It was called Instagram.
They were working on a whole bunch of other things.
Some popular kids started using a platform.
It blew up and then they pass it on to Facebook from the very inception. I said,
this is a very trash prod product. It's just horrible. Horribly curated. Right.
It's so horribly curated that Facebook can't even monetize a platform properly.
Right. But that's a whole nother story.
But the platform itself and its functionality is stupid. It's just.
Popular. Well, you know,
what's weird is like replying to people and reading replies. Like what,
in the comments like you can't even keep up with.
No, no. And you can't get all your notifications,
the notifications aren't curated properly. It's just, it's like,
as if they don't care, right. They don't care. Right.
I don't care. Or is it that it got so big,
so quick and it's stuck in this format. You'd have to kind of reformat.
They don't care. No, thanks. So they don't care. They don't care.
If you, if you want to build a product for your user,
you can do that. If you want to build a product for advertisers,
you can do that. They built the product for advertisers. And now for users,
if they build it for users,
you and I will be able to have a conversation on them. Well, is it.
Originally, wasn't it text America? Was that the same thing was text America.
The original one.
That's the one where I have the picture of the prostitute and the bathroom.
You mean like where you would text something to.
You send a photo, you send a photo in a text, but it wasn't like,
I go up to an internet website. It would be like.
On a site, like imagery or something. Not like a feed where people would.
Follow you. Like that was it. No, there was a thing that you would follow.
That's where that picture came.
From. I know that,
but I didn't remember it being like a website or anything like that. That.
Was back when there was no applications. Ma'am.
Cause I took that from a flip phone.
Deal. That's the difference? It's not a phone, like a smartphone.
Yeah. There was no smartphones back then.
And then you would have to go to a website to see all your photos.
So like you have a young Jamie page on text America and all the pictures that
you would take in the.
Photos on Instagram. A lot of people were, you'd be like, as a photographer,
you'd be kinda like, on. If you weren't taking it with your iPhone only Mike,
and you were uploading DSLR photos. You'd be like, oh, you're cheating.
Look at you.
Right. But now it filters. Like some of these girls who look like cartoons,
they didn't even look like humans.
Um, I, you know, it comes down to is like, you know, I wish I could hone us.
Right. So, you know, a lot of people told me and I was like, yo,
you missing out on a lot of money on Facebook.
You missed out on a lot of Instagram money on Instagram.
My homie's a millionaire off of Instagram and Facebook advertising.
And he talking about, and I'm like, I'm not in this for money, bro.
I got a message to get across and I can't get it across on these platforms.
They suck. Right.
But are you going to have the kahunas to come and say,
I'm choosing my laurels over. I'm choosing my morals over the money.
Cause there's a lot of people out here that are on the Facebook platform,
just for money.
I spoke to a conservative influencer and a
brother basically said, I'm trying to feed my daughter,
but the stuff he's putting out on Facebook, he doesn't believe in.
So.
He's just doing it for profits, doing it for profit. Ooh.
That's where it gets weird. Right? He says,
then people are not going to believe you. Once you say, well,
I was doing that for money, but now I'm telling you the truth.
I'm talking about this. These are the people that everybody believes.
These are the ones that have captured a large audience.
I mean, talking about, you know, type of money you can pull in on, on Facebook.
But you know, he literally says, you know, I'll go on Twitter.
I'll make one tweet and it'll get like 2000 retweets. And then, you know, uh,
you know, you know, it's, his brain just blows up like that.
But it's because he, he knows the buzzwords, right?
He knows what to say to get the people going. I'll go that route.
You know what I mean? If I don't like Facebook, I'm not going to use it.
If I don't like Facebook, I'm not gonna use Instagram. You know,
I'm just gonna stick with what I like. I liked Twitter.
And I told people in 2009, when I go now I'm Twitter. You know,
I deal in marketing.
So I always say focus on one channel when it comes to social media,
just one channel, unless you have the staff to manage.
Well, Twitter is how I found out about you.
And that's all I found out about your videos.
And I found out if what you're going to watch your videos. And if,
if that didn't exist in the, the portal for the video,
you're putting your videos on YouTube, right? I mean, what,
how else would someone get their message out? If you, if you,
if you think that these platforms are all trashed, if they didn't exist,
I wouldn't find out about you.
Great. Twitter's great. Remember, I've never mentioned Twitter.
You said all of them are trash, but all of them, except that's.
What Twitter. Twitter is my baby, man. I love Twitter. That's what he.
Likes so much about Twitter. It's.
Uh, it's, it's, it's, it's a perfect platform to crowdsource information.
Number one, right? Um, like you said, without Twitter,
I wouldn't be sitting here right now.
I could've never got you on Facebook or Instagram that would've never happened.
Maybe Instagram, some of a friend, most of it is like, Hey,
one of my friends says, check out this guy, this guy is cool.
This guy's interesting. Right. Maybe you should talk to this guy. Okay.
That's how it usually happens.
And then I'll go to your page and I checked it out and I saw a lot of
interesting conversations you were having and saw some videos.
Well, the thing is Instagram. Doesn't allow you to see in my heart,
they don't allow you to see in the soul Twitter.
I can really connect with people. How.
Come you can't do that in Instagram?
The algorithm, man, you know you.
Oh you mean because it hides stuff and stuff. Once you develop a good following,
it doesn't really matter. People who go to your page, like, how will it look.
For you? But how often can you post.
On Instagram? How often can you post with, well,
you can't do it like Twitter where you can just do it every couple of minutes.
You see what I'm saying?
So if I wanted to,
I could go from deep to where my middle-aged white women at, right.
In 15 minutes time, you know, I can take you deep and then I can make you laugh.
You know what I mean? And I can share, you know,
something else I could share my video.
And you can have photos on Twitter, just like you could have on Instagram.
I want it to go live.
And, and, and, and so Twitter is great.
How they curate the live feature.
It lands at the top of your phone on mobile. Right? It's beautiful. Like,
like they, like, they get product, you know,
I don't feel like Instagram gets product.